[IMP] website: seo indexation update and magic sheet (#13794)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/website/pages/seo.rst

   If you do not want the robots to crawl the `/about-us` page of your site, you can edit the
   robots.txt file to add `Disallow: /about-us`.

Prevent a page from indexation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. important::
   While `robots.txt` prevents content from being crawled, **it does not guarantee that a page will**
   **not be indexed**. A page can still appear in search results if it is linked to from other indexed
   pages (indexed by "reference"). Google generally does not recommend using robots.txt to block
   webpages that you wish to keep out of search results entirely.

To effectively prevent a page from appearing in search engine results, use one of the following
methods:

>  - **noindex tag:** Implement a `noindex` meta tag within the HTML of the page. This explicitly

Reviewer: For this part, could you clarify 'noindex' meta tag within the HTML header?
- **noindex tag:** Implement a `noindex` meta tag within the HTML header of the page.

Side note to you, Odoo has the feature to toggle index and noindex via page properties. This only show for pages listed in Website -> Site -> Pages. For (dynamic) pages coming from a module extending website, this option is not available yet. So customer has to customize at this time if they want to have noindex for "dynamic" pages. The RD team is working on allowing this noindex toggle for all pages. https://www.odoo.com/odoo/project/974/tasks/3861418?debug=1

Author: Hi @AutumnWalk, I adapted the text, is it clear enough?
Thanks a lot for your quick review!

   If you do not want the robots to crawl the `/about-us` page of your site, you can edit the
   robots.txt file to add `Disallow: /about-us`.

Prevent a page from indexation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. important::
   While `robots.txt` prevents content from being crawled, **it does not guarantee that a page**
   **will not be indexed**. A page can still appear in search results if it is linked to from other
   crawled pages (indexed by "reference"). Google generally does not recommend using robots.txt to
   block webpages that you wish to keep out of search results entirely.

To effectively prevent a page from appearing in search engine results, use one of the following
methods:

>  - **noindex tag:** Implement a `noindex` meta tag within the HTML header of the page. This
>    explicitly tells search engines not to index the page.

Reviewer 2: I think I would move the content of your note on line 185-187 here instead, and add how this can be done for dynamic pages as well:

```suggestion
 - **noindex tag:** Implement a `noindex` meta tag within the HTML header of the page to explicitly exclude the page from search results. To do so:

   - for :ref:`static pages <website/pages/page_type>`: Access the page's :ref:`properties <website/pages/page_properties>` and toggle the :guilabel:`Indexed` switch off.
   - for :ref:`dynamic pages <website/pages/page_type>`: (see my question below)
```
For dynamic pages, @AutumnWalk I'm not sure what we mean here, are we talking about the code injection feature in the Theme tab? If we are, I think we should briefly add the steps to do that here @masp-odoo

Reviewer: Hi @masp-odoo , please see above as well.

Reviewer 2: Thank you @AutumnWalk! I think we can use the term dynamic page; we already mention it here and explain the difference: https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/applications/websites/website/pages.html

 - **Server codes (404 or 403):** Configure your server to return a 404 (Not Found) or 403
   (Forbidden) HTTP status code for the page. These codes signal to search engines that the page

>    does not exist or is inaccessible, leading to its eventual removal from the index.

Reviewer: Hi @masp-odoo and @auva-odoo , Yes sorry. I missed this part too. This shouldn't say "Server". It should say "configure your page to return a 404....".
And yes, it is possible to configure 404 or 403. This is more complicated
404:
using the website -> Settings -> redirection, we can make the page returns 404.
https://www.odoo.com/documentation/18.0/applications/websites/website/pages.html#url-redirect-mapping

For pages coming from the website app (pages you can find in Website -> Site (NOT eCommerce) -> Pages, if you unpublish the page, it will return 404

403:
For pages coming from the Website app, you return 403 on the page by editing the Site -> Page properties -> Visibility
For pages coming from modules extending Website (such as eLearning, eCommerce), you can just unpublish it (like a product) for this page to return 403
As for pages that you cannot edit page properties or does not have the unpublish button like the /shop, the only way is to edit the page visibility on the view (code file) accessible via Settings -> Technical -> Views.

Have a nice day. Please let me know if you have more questions.

 - **Google Search Console:** Use Google Search Console to request the removal of specific URLs from
   Google's index.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`../configuration/google_search_console`

.. note:: You can also :icon:`fa-toggle-on` or :icon:`fa-toggle-off` the index feature on the
   :ref:`website/pages/page_properties` for pages listed in

>    :menuselection:`Website --> Site --> Pages`. For dynamic pages, this option is not yet available.

Reviewer 2: I'd remove this (and don't forget images/icons shouldn't replace text :wink: see my suggestion on line 174-175)
